it was a nightmare open the fridge to
rate strawberries gelatin sour cream
bread everywhere my brand-new Kentucky
sweatshirt was ruined I wash with tag
hoping the bright red stains fade enough
to wear it around the house I was
shocked
tide remove the stain completely thanks
Sharon crews if it's got to be clean
it's got to be tied like you've got a
fever nights like these are when you're
glad you can rely on Children's Tylenol
to bring her fever down fast don't worry
sweetie you feel better soon
and morning's like these mommy we bit
feel better now or when you understand
why Children's Tylenol is the one most
pediatricians give their own children
for a taste your love with all your
heart close your eyes and taste this
introducing promise extra light spread
with half the saturated fat salt and
calories of regular margarine without
cholesterol without sacrificing taste so
enjoy it with a passion before we catch
dinner we're going to catch breakfast
Quaker maple and brown sugar oatmeal for
you hurry up now
I'm trout or waiting think the way will
I have another ball I think so
instant Quaker Oatmeal it's the right
thing to do calories are tasteless and
they can't really refresh your breath so
could that mean that anyone who chooses
a six and a half calorie certs over a
one and a half calorie tic-tac just
likes having more calories
I guess so